# Developer meeting minutes 2025-10-19

Present: helaslo, Sam Hanes, Kovacs Akos, Lain, Aleksa, Marton Ban, Nate, David Ryskalczyk, Andrew Zonenberg

## 0.1.1

DPI scaling: x11/windows still broken on some stuff because imgui scaling, primarily cosmetic but might break very high dpi
Otherwise seems mostly ready to go

## 0.2

Updates on dev progress per agenda

Looking at migrating to SDL3 for 0.2 or 0.3

Should have written up more of this, but a bunch of refactoring inbound

## Other business

David - we need a way to do

General - we should have someone volunteer as secretary to take notes on a meeting. The presenter shouldn't be taking notes on their own stuff
